Update expected `node` and `npm` versions on development setup instructions (#15105)
opf/openproject: docs/development/development-environment-ubuntu/README.md

> At the time of writing this is v16.13.1 Install and activate it with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the time of writing this is v20.9.0 Install and activate it with:
```
